[PANTING]
You miss me?
I don't even know
what questions to ask right now.
MICHAEL:
Core systems are intact.
Power, ventilation, security.
The trunk line was cut,
but someone's fixing that.
Communication should be restored
in a few hours.
Sonya wrangled a couple people
to help her restore the internal servers...
...but ShadowNet's toast.
I can rebuild it, but we're talking weeks,
maybe months.
How many stayed?
Fourteen.
Along with eight dead. Including Sean.
So 14.
Owen has the black box.
He and Amanda talked about selling it.
That's all we know now.
-Owen?
-He isn't Owen anymore.
He's Sam.
Amanda erased his memories
and turned him into Owen.
Yeah, Owen is Sam now,
and Sam is a total freaking psycho.
You missed a lot.
What about Alex?
-ls she in holding?
-More like hiding.
She left with the others
after we found Sean.
She shoot him too?
Ryan...
...What Alex did...
...all of this is because of a seed
that Amanda planted.
She sold her on the danger everyone was in
so Alex felt she needed to save everyone.
No matter what the consequence.
BIRKHOFF:
She seemed better after everyone left.
Like Amanda's conditioning
had run its course...
...after she got everyone out.
But Sean's death
wasn't a part of the plan.
And when she found out
what she was responsible for...
...it broke her.
[WAILS]
[MAN SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY]
MAN:
Hey! Get back here.
Get over here, man!
[DEALER SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
l have to find her.
What happens when you do?
-You can't know what Amanda did to her.
-I don't know what Amanda did to me.
l was in that chair too, Ryan.
-What?
-You missed a lot.
Nikita, we should go to Medical,
get that checked.
We gave Alex a full brain and body scan
when she got back from South Ossetia.
-Didn't find anything.
-I just don't have time for this.
For what it's worth, I still feel like myself.
Okay, well,
where should we start looking?
You should stay here. Get a line on
Amanda and Owen and the black box.
-|'|| be back with Alex as soon as I can.
-How do you know where to find her?
-Same place I found her four years ago.
RYAN: A lot has changed since then.
l confronted Alex. She shot me.
You didn't know
about Amanda's head trip. I do.
I'm ready.
Ready for what?
To have a long-overdue conversation.
MAN: There you go.
Keep it moving, now. Keep it moving.
[ON STEREO]
For the vision I foresaw
To segregate from all y'all
Swine pigs, scum
Creatures who eat dung
**** happens
I ain't comprehending your pig Latin
Hold up. Hold up, pretty.
Victory is like taking a sneeze
With open eyes
You don't look like you belong here.
Impossible
No kidding me
How you inherit my campaign
Don't smell like it either.
So how'd you find out about this place?
-What are you, taking a survey?
-Yeah.
I wanna know
how our marketing plan is working.
So, what was it?
Internet, billboards, vice squad?
ALEX:
I'm not a cop.
NINO:
Thank you for your patronage.
You need anything else,
you just let me know.
Just to be alone.
Hey. There's a room at the end that's empty.
You can have that.
No extra charge.
All dogs go to heaven
All **** go to church
All real **** painting the future
Ain’t scared of dirt on their hands
The only feeling that makes sense
ls if the people feel you
[RAP SONG PLAYING INDISTINCTLY
ON STEREO]
--got me thinking
[7/ persuade her to get her friend
We 7/ go double Dutch
Hey, man, jump in
Might sound crazy
But it's nothin’
My life is amazing
You think I’m bluffin'?
Keep tellin' me to chill and use discretion
Drug abusin’, mo vin’ reckless
Only time I slow down
When I take sips of a slim that's mean
When I'm in Texas
Gets real bad
I’m a high risk
Banned from bars
Promote this business
Security escort me to the exit
When I'm cash king
I’m gonna bust his ****
That's another story
Now back to this
Track that AC set
I just spin it
Put your top down
Where did you want to go?
Huh?
You talked about running away before.
Did you have a destination in mind?
Not really.
So no elaborate escape-from-Division
plan this time?
I'm surprised.
I guess I figured...
...when I left Division this time,
I wouldn't be running.
You know, we'd get our clean slates
and a big check.
Stupid, huh?
I should've known better.
This place doesn't do second chances,
no matter what the brochures say.
Maybe we all should have known better.
But Nikita came back,
and she was willing to fight for us.
We'd never had that before...
...and so we believed.
In her and in this place.
Nikki's good at inspiring stupid people
to do really stupid things.
[CHUCKLES]
[JUNKIE SCREAMING]
-Let me go! She's killing people!
DEALER: What are you on about?
Some crazy junkie ho went all
kung fu in there. She shot Nino.
[JUNKIE SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
[GASPING]
Where's the girl? What did you do?
What did you do?
I didn't do nothing.
We never had a chance.
She was all shaky. Stumbling.
I thought she was afraid, but she wasn't.
[MEN YELLING]
Bitch played us.
[GUNSHOT]
I said she could have
whatever she wanted.
All the drugs I got.
Money too, if she wanted.
-She said no.
-She didn't take the drugs?
She took my phone.
Made me give her a list
of our other places.
I guess she's looking for a bigger score.
Excuse me, do you have any change
for the meters?
First off, there ain't no meters out back.
Second, you don't belong around here.
Best you get in your car
and drive back to Cherry Hill.
-That wouldn't be fun.
LUCA: Fun? What kind of fun you--? Unh!
[LUCA GROANING]
Luca, what the hell?
You just letting anybody stroll in here now?
Oh, it's not his fault.
Nino's the one who told me
I could find you here.
ACCOUNTANT: And why would Nino do that?
ALEX: Because...
-...| asked him nice.
ACCOUNTANT: Why don't I ask him myself?
Not so nice.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Sorry.
Nino can't talk right now.
[ALL GRUNTING]
[ALEX SCREAMS]
[YELLS]
[GROANS]
Tell your friends
I'm coming for them too.
NIKITA: Stay with me.
What other places did she ask about?
-What other places?
-Stash houses...
...count rooms, even HQ.
The bitch walks in there,
it's a suicide mission.
What did you say?
Suicide mission.
RECRUIT: I heard she got too involved
with her cover boyfriend.
Percy had to have him killed.
Put me back on the Barcelona op.
-You mean your suicide mission?
-I need to have no part of this conversation.
Percy assigned me to that op.
And I told him you should be benched.
You suffered a loss.
I suffered a loss?
Daniel wasn't hit by a bus.
Look, I know what you're trying to do.
You blame yourself for his death.
You think you should've been
the one to die. Believe me, I get it.
Killing yourself will not bring Daniel back.
Just makes you both dead.
-What if that's what I want?
-Well, I don't.
Nikita, you are not alone.
You have people who care about you.
That don't wanna lose you.
You can't see that right now,
but you do have something to live for.
[MICHAEL GROANS]
Not anymore, I don't.
[SIRENS WAILING]
Police! Drop the gun!
Get down. On the ground, now.
Down.
MICHAEL:
If the black box is sold, everyone's exposed.
The entire Division roster.
We won't be safe anywhere.
We cannot let it get out there.
We can't track Owen and Amanda
without ShadowNet.
If we figure out who they'd approach
with the box, we might stop the sale.
We don't have personnel
for that operation.
The list of potential buyers is endless.
Russia, China, Iran, they'd love
to have that kind of information.
Money's no object for North Korea.
Can print whatever they need to buy the box.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
It's the White House.
-What do they know?
-Nothing.
No one's called since you got shot.
This is Fletcher.
SPENCER [OVER PHONE]:
Fletcher, it's President Spencer.
RYAN [OVER PHONE]: Madam President.
This is a surprise. [hope all is well.
I wanted to update you
on Commander Danforth.
I've been briefed on the results
of his autopsy.
Danforth's autopsy?
-You missed a lot.
-I have been assured...
...that he died of natural causes.
Well, I guess that's good news.
-At least we know there was no foul play.
-Actually, Amanda did it.
I'm vetting candidates
to replace Evan now.
You'll hear from someone next week.
But be prepared to discuss
Division's agenda going fonNard.
-Of course. I'll do my best.
-I have every conﬁdence in you, Fletcher.
Before Evan died, he told me
what a great job you all are doing.
Keep up the good work.
Thank you, ma'am.
-What'd she want to talk about?
-Division's future.
-You're not carrying ID?
-I'm gonna bring my wallet to a place like this.
What are you doing here?
You guys got here really fast.
Someone called 911.
So they sent two detectives
on a priority call...
...because some hooker
beat up some drug dealers?
We just go where they send us.
What are you doing here?
These guys just don't seem like
the kind of guys who call the cops, but--
You know, unless those cops
happen to be on their payroll.
Get up. Up, up, up.
Let's go.
[NIKITA GRUNTING]
NIKITA: Drop it!
-Shoot her! Shoot her!
-Drop it now!
FULLER: Shoot her, damn it.
Drop it!
Dirty cops.
You make me sick.
The dealer said something about HQ.
What is it?
-I don't know.
-What is it?
It's what the Southsiders
call their base of operations.
They've taken over a whole city block.
NIKITA:
And?
It's like the Wild West in there.
The police don't even go in.
Well, guess what.
You're gonna be the exception.
Go.
[MEN CHATTERING]
[WINCING]
[ON STEREO]
Six projects in two years
And they all knock, knock
And I can use some knowledge
Six projects in two years
And they all bump, bump
Was there a contingency plan made for
closing this facility? Shut the place down?
Used to have a tank of VX gas
hooked into the ventilation system.
We had it removed.
-Why?
-We've got 308 rogue agents.
All it takes is one of them doing something that
gets on the radar, the rest of us are screwed.
We have no way to cover it up
because we're crippled.
You wanna give up.
We've got a week.
Do you see an alternative?
We use that week to find the box.
To repair our systems,
to get Division back up and running.
Up and crawling is more like it.
Look, it's only a matter of time.
As soon as the president gives the order,
Navy SEALS will come in and mow us down.
It's not gonna take them long.
We're down to what, a handful of techs
and a few medics? We're like fish in a barrel.
If the Navy SEALS come and we're not here,
then they know we ran...
...and they will hunt us down.
What if the government
couldn't be sure what happened?
If there was no evidence
of Division for them to find?
They wouldn't know who got out
and who didn't.
And how would we do that?
We destroy the facility.
Permanently. Today.
We blow it all to hell.
The medic said she didn't find signs
of brain damage.
-But perhaps she spoke too soon.
-My brain is fine.
So is my hearing.
You just came out of a coma
and now you wanna blow up Division.
Maybe a CAT scan
is not such a bad idea.
We've gone through a lot
in the last 24 hours.
-We shouldn't make any rash decisions.
-I'm not. This is the logical thing to do.
By what measure? Your entire argument
is based on a false assumption.
People left aren't like rogues
we've chased.
They're gonna wanna stay out of trouble,
not paint targets on their backs.
Didn't seem to mind trouble when they were
pulling guns on each other in Operations.
MICHAEL:
We haven't even discussed the Dirty Thirty.
Last time I checked,
there's at least 20 unaccounted for.
When they find out what's happened,
they're gonna see it as opportunity.
There's no telling what they might do,
and we can't chase them.
We can rebuild ShadowNet.
Rebuild a decade's worth of hacks
in a couple days?
-I'm flattered, but I ain't that good.
-So you agree with his plan?
I think Ryan's got the right idea.
I say we take off
and nuke the site from orbit.
It's the only way to be sure.
[GRUNTING]
I thought you said this place
was heavily guarded. Bigtime.
Yeah, there's usually more
than a dozen guys out front.
I don't know where everyone went.
They're chasing after the hooker
that hit their other establishments.
That mess at the house?
It was all a diversion?
Thinning the enemy's ranks
to make a frontal assault.
That is a smart move,
not a suicide mission.
What are you doing?
[ON STEREO] These lyin' niggas
Ain’t waiting for the fashion show
These liars, these liars, these liars
These lyin’ niggas
Ain’t waiting for the fashion show
These liars, these liars, these liars
These lyin’ niggas
Ain’t waiting for the fashion show
These liars, these liars, these liars
Come on.
These lyin’ niggas
Ain’t waiting for the fashion show
So where's the other way in?
There is no other way in.
You go through the guys with guns.
They're smart enough to take over a block,
they're smart enough to find a secondary route.
And if you're smart,
you'll tell me where it is. Now.
All right.
That building over there?
They busted, like,
a hole in the basement floor.
It connects to an old sewer tunnel
that leads to the HQ.
It'll get you in.
There's no way you're getting out.
Don't bet on it.
You didn't have that gun,
you wouldn't be so--
I'm sorry. What?
[GIRLS WHIMPERING]
Don't shoot. Don't shoot, lady.
Don't, seriously. Don't shoot us.
What are you doing here?
Some girl unlocked our rooms
and brought us down the stairs.
She gave us this bag of money
and said to wait here for her signal.
Her name's Alex. She's a friend of mine.
-What's the signal?
-Shooting.
When we hear it, we're supposed to run.
We're supposed to get someplace safe.
-All right. After she left, where'd she go?
RUBY: Upstairs.
Said she had to set up one more thing
before we could leave.
-We should go back to our rooms.
-Wait.
I wanna get out,
but I don't wanna end up dead.
-You will get out, I promise. All of you.
RUBY: That's what she said.
No matter what.
-She's still....
RUBY: What?
Nothing. Stay here, be quiet.
I gotta go upstairs.
Why? Why?
There's no more girls up there to save.
There's one more.
It's doable.
Remotely blow the support columns
in the sub-basement levels...
...the whole structure will collapse.
All it would take is three or four
well-placed RDX charges.
That will make this facility inaccessible
from the surface?
Yeah. Only way to get in after that
is to dig.
That would mean heavy equipment,
which would lead to questions from locals.
Right. The kind of questions
the president doesn't want anyone asking.
What about questions the president will ask
when she finds out Division blew up?
Well, it'll look like an accident.
An explosion caused by leftover armament
from when this was a missile site.
Only way our story works is
if there's someone to tell it.
We are supposed to be running.
We don't have that.
So why don't we stop wasting time
and get back to ourjob?
We're no longer capable of doing ourjob.
Mikey, I know you got that patriotism thing
going on, but we need to save ourselves.
Where are we gonna go?
If what's on this box goes public,
we're not ghosts anymore.
We are fugitives in 26 countries,
including this one.
Hell, I killed the president of Belarus
and replaced him with a double.
Nikita helped assassinate a North Korean
cabinet member in front of the UN.
I am trying to save myself here,
and all of you too.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
[SIGHS]
-Nikita.
-Michael, I need help.
Alex hit the Southsiders in Camden.
Drug dealers, human traffickers.
She's trying to take out the gang members
and free the girls.
Traffickers? What? Like the Russians
who had her when she was a kid?
No, local talent.
[MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
Taking in runaways
and working them at truck stops.
-Why the hell is she going after them?
-I don ’t know.
Maybe Amanda's programming isn't done.
Maybe it's been amped up by Sean's death.
She's gonna get herself killed.
I don't think I can get her out.
Okay, okay, I'll come to you.
Where are you?
-Abandoned warehouse in Whitman Park.
-Got it. On my way.
Nikita needs backup.
Don't blow up anything until I get back here
or I'll hunt you down myself.
Amanda, you bitch.
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING ON STEREO]
You want me to override
Michael's decision...
...and send you on this quote-unquote
"suicide mission"?
You think he's wrong, don't you?
He's letting his feelings get in the way--
No, no. I completely agree
with Michael's assessment.
Where we differ is how best
to handle the situation.
If you want to die, there's nothing I
or anyone else can do to stop you.
What's this? Good cop, bad cop?
Nikita, you're standing on a ledge.
Please.
Of course, I can force you off that ledge...
...keep you inside these walls,
prevent you from hurting yourself.
But that's merely a stopgap measure.
So, what's the solution?
You talking me down?
You also gonna tell me
I have something to live for?
You never lie to a potential jumper.
But if you really believe
you have nothing left...
...maybe you should jump.
I'll notify Percy. Enjoy Barcelona.
Nikita?
You can't stop me from saving them.
Not why I'm here.
Why are you here?
I can save them. I have a plan.
You need to go.
-I'm not letting you die here alone.
-I'm not the one who dies.
Everyone around me dies.
Everyone but me.
Rachel shot at me.
She tried to kill me
and instead Sean died.
Just like Papa and Larissa
and the girls in the brothel.
Alex, Larissa wasn't real.
Why would you even say that?
Larissa was real.
She was.
LARISSA:
Here, try this.
She helped me.
She was a good person.
Amanda created a hallucination
that reminded you of the things that you lost.
So how did Alexandra Udinov
end up here?
You had all that money. All that fame.
Every single thing that's happened
since then was born out of that lie.
Larissa didn't die,
because she never even existed.
You can't stop someone from dying.
AMANDA:
You can 't leave now, Alex.
Larissa is hurt.
She needs your help.
Alex, you need to save everybody.
-The girls. Did you see them? Are they--?
-They're real.
We can get them out. There's an
escape route through the basement.
We have to hurry.
That guard's gonna wake up soon.
MAN:
Yo, we got trouble.
The girls are loose.
You guys check the rooms.
We'll check the lab.
He's gone. He's telling all of his friends
right now.
MAN:
We find those girls, we teach them a lesson.
Oh, damn it.
I guess we're jumping together.
Marco better not be lying.
[ALL GRUNTING]
[GIRLS SCREAMING]
Stop. Stop. Stop it. The girls are out.
[GUNFIRE]
-FouL
-Igotﬁve.
[GIRLS YELLING]
[GUNSHOT]
[HORN HONKS]
Hey.
-You didn't have to come back.
-You didn't have to come at all.
No one else ever did.
MICHAEL: Hey.
-Michael, I.... I....
I'm sorry about Sean.
Thank you.
[SIRENS WAILING |N DISTANCE]
NIKITA:
We should get back.
I.... I don't know if! can.
You can. We'll do it together.
But we have to hurry,
while there's still a Division to get back to.
Let's go.
SONYA: Everything is in here.
Your cover identities, background briefs.
Just read the files and you should be fine.
What about operational funds?
We've set up accounts for all of you.
It's not a lot but enough to get you
on your feet.
And the rest is up to you.
Thank you.
For trying to keep your promise.
Wish I could have done more.
Your country thanks all of you
for your service.
As do I.
Thank you.
-Good luck.
-You too.
I'm not gonna lie. I cannot wait
to blow this place off the map.
-I am so sick of being underground.
-Heh.
-Mikey's gonna kick your ass, though.
-Don't think he'll get the chance.
BIRKHOFF: What do you mean?
-I'm turning myself in.
BOTH:
What?
RYAN: Once we blow these walls, I'm gonna tell
the president that Division was destroyed.
I was the only survivor.
-I'm gonna sell the cover story.
-I thought the point of this...
...was to get her to believe
we were all dead.
It's our chance to cut free.
What if she throws you in prison?
I'll take that risk. President has to know
the black box is in play.
-She needs time to prepare for the damage.
-Nobody expects you...
-...to throw yourself on your sword.
-I have to.
I was the one
who convinced everyone to stay.
Convinced the president
that the only way to clean up Division...
...was by using Division itself,
and I was wrong.
So maybe it didn't work.
It doesn't mean you weren't trying
to do the right thing.
Maybe in the beginning, I was.
But somewhere along the line...
...I started to see the value
of keeping Division running.
Indefinitely?
This place represents everything
I fought against my whole career...
...and I let myself fall under its spell.
I need to take responsibility for that.
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING ON STEREO]
AMANDA:
I saw the mission report.
You were cornered, your arm was broken,
shot three times.
All you had to do was wait
and let them find you.
Instead, you got on your feet
and found a way out of there.
It's not in your nature to give up, Nikita.
You're a survivor.
It's one of the many things
that make you so valuable to Division.
Now, as for why you wished to end your life
in the first place--
I deserve it.
It should have been me.
Your relationship with Daniel
created a security breach.
I know....
I know I screwed up.
I know I got him killed.
You have to learn to accept
your own role in his death...
...without suffering guilt.
If you don't,
that guilt will take root and grow.
You'll end up on the ledge again,
and it will push you over.
Don't worry, Nikita. You'll survive this too.
[ENGINE STOPS]
Why don't we meet you in Ops?
I don't know how I can walk
into Ops right now.
It would be easier for everyone
if I just left.
You can't do this anymore, Alex.
You have to stop running.
-I'm not.
-You are.
You escaped the brothel
and you've been running since.
You've never dealt with your past.
-I don't like thinking about it.
-You're gonna have to.
Because it's only gonna get worse.
And next time,
you may really get yourself killed.
Amanda took something
you've been denying...
...and she used it as a weapon
against you.
As long as you're carrying around that guilt,
that weapon will always be there.
You have to start to heal yourself.
-What if I can't?
-You can.
Because you're a survivor.
And I know that's not some kind of curse.
It just means that you're strong enough
to keep fighting.
I don't understand
why I keep getting to live.
Why me and not them?
I had the same questions
when Daniel died.
I never found an answer.
You know, maybe tonight is the answer.
Those girls, they got out
because we were there.
We survived then
and they have a chance now.
Maybe one day, someone else
will have a chance because of them.
Who knows?
MICHAEL:
You let them go? I told you to wait.
You said not to blow up anything
while you were gone.
Last I checked,
you were second in command.
Unless you wanna put me back
into a coma.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know what she did to me.
But what I did to all of you....
[SIGHS]
-Ryan--
-We don't know what Amanda did to her.
We don't know
what Amanda did to me either.
So if we can't trust Alex,
then we can't trust me.
Did you tell Chris to kill me?
I didn't tell anyone to kill you.
I even sent Owen to protect you.
[SIGHS]
I guess it's the thought that counts, right?
How's the head?
Better, I think.
Look, everyone's been released.
Birkhoff has placed the explosives.
The only thing left to do is head topside
and go our separate ways.
I'm not leaving.
Not while the black box is out there.
That's on me.
I used it to keep this place running.
Now Amanda has it.
Not sure if you noticed this,
but Amanda kind of decimated this place.
We just let what was left of our personnel
walk out. How are we gonna find her...
-...much less stop her?
-I don't know.
But we've done it before.
When we took down Percy,
it was just the six of us in a safe house...
...against all of Division
and all of its resources.
NIKITA:
I'm not saying it's gonna be easy...
...but I just watched a bunch of girls fight
heavily armed men and win.
-They fought because--
-It was the right thing to do.
Look, Amanda waged this war,
and I've been so focused on figuring her out...
...that I forgot what was important.
We couldn't beat her before.
How are we gonna do it now?
We stop playing her game.
She wanted us to be strong. We are.
Strong enough to fight her.
I don't know if we'll win...
...but I am ready to fight.
[English - US - SDH]